Add deployment and pipeline stages (#5)
MS-SJF-Projects/web-game-complete: modules/01_hello_world_api/README.md

# Hello world python web API

In the first stage we're going to create a python web API with [Flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/2.2.x/quickstart/) that will return "Hello world" on the "/" page.

1. Add and install `Flask` python package.

    >To be able to build the API, we first need to get the package of API we'll be using.

    1. Create a `requirements.txt` file in the root of the project folder

        ```sh
        touch requirements.txt
        ```

>     2. Modify the contents of the `requirements.txt` with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Add the following content to `requirements.txt`:
```

I was confused for a few seconds, thinking how calling "flask" would modify the file :)

        ```txt
        flask
        ```

    3. Install the package

        ```sh
        pip install -r requirements.txt
        ```

> 2. Create the contents of the API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create the API
```
